{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Project 1. Another Fractal\
\
The idea of the project was to address the topic of environmental change by combining both fine art and graphic design approaches. The outcome is a series of three-dimensional exhibits, representing the physical changes the Earth is constantly undergoing. The following images comprise various fractal patterns, which displayed at different scale and level, provide a visual reference to the repetitive nature of organic change. \
\
Project 2. The Passage\
\
This project is a collaborative work between The Passage and CSM students, aimed to present the themes behind homelessness through a coherent rendering of Protocols, Challenges, and Larger Issues. Through intriguing design systems, we collaborated on a series of abstract posters, presenting key aspects & questions to provoke discourse and supported it with a publication explaining our concepts in a more structured and considered fashion. The idea of interlacing points is delivered through the use of gradients, which allows the viewer to trace the sequence and amount of connections between various components. We intend to introduce its schemes in a more accessible manner and attract larger audiences to the problems we face, together.\
\
Project 3. Experimental illustrations\
\
The project introduces a series of three images as a response to the topic of daily nutrition. The idea was to visualise both an object and the process. The use of Naive style has allowed turning the composition into a highly dynamic one, a blend of primitive shapes and bold colours, highlighted by the dark background. Overall, the project is about simplicity, movement, and joy.\
\
Project 4. Beyond the Dream\
\
\'91Beyond the dream\'92 is an analysed dream diary combining a mix of narratives and visual reflections. I find it intriguing how such a superficial phenomenon can be systematised and presented in a consistent visual row. The contrast between the vagueness of the topic and the systematised format makes it a personal and intimate publication full of self-analysis. Each observation is accompanied by an expressive image, which reflects a certain dream\'92s tone, dynamics, and actions. This allowed me to generate more or less accurate connections between my conscious and the imageries it creates in my unconscious.\
\
Project 5. CSM against Procrastination\
\
In this project, I was aiming to create an identity design for CSM students, who are aren\'92t very successful at meeting project deadlines. The set comprises booklets, stickers and notebooks, each presented by a series of four. The idea behind this design was to visualise the process of prioritising various types of hobbies and postponing the studies.\
\
Project 6. img?\
\
This project represents a series of posters for an imaginary art conference taking place in the Barbican Centre. The conference addresses the question \'93What is an Image?\'94 It is supposed to cover both aspects of the notion as an independent fraction: philosophical and practical as one cannot be covered without the other. The concept was to indicate the content by building an association between the thematics and the idea of fortune-telling cards. There is just one card uncovered, which means we only get to know the question, while the answers are to be revealed in the event.\
\
Project 7. Creative Conscience: Depression\
\
The following posters were created within the Creative Conscience competition to spread awareness around the topic of depression and particularly to highlight the importance of physical contact when helping a depressed person.\'a0\
I have decided to incorporate abstract shapes into my posters in order to help the viewer put his mind in synchrony with the character\'92s. I made it shapeless and constantly changing throughout the narrative. It represents a metaphor for an unstable mental state of a depressed person.\
\
Project 8. Victoria\
\
This project is based on pure curiosity. Being curious not only about what life is like behind a particular window. It\'92s also about self-examination, realising how well you can read the space. I was aiming to create a collective portrait of student life within the building. The residents are all part of something, yet each of us has a certain room, which we are calling our own. Some illustrations will give a general overview of the hall, others will zoom into certain rooms. This would allow the spectator to become secretly familiar with the people, without necessarily seeing them. Personalities will be depicted through the way space is organised, as well as personal belongings.\
\
\
}